.\"/*
.\" * Copyright (C) 2010-2011 Red Hat, Inc.
.\" *
.\" * All rights reserved.
.\" *
.\" * Author: Jan Friesse <jfriesse@redhat.com>
.\" *
.\" * This software licensed under BSD license, the text of which follows:
.\" *
.\" * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\" *
.\" * - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
.\" *   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" * - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
.\" *   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
.\" *   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" * - Neither the name of the MontaVista Software, Inc. nor the names of its
.\" *   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
.\" *   software without specific prior written permission.
.\" *
.\" * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
.\" * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" * ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
.\" * LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
.\" * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
.\" * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
.\" * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
.\" * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
.\" * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
.\" * THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\" */
.TH "OPENAIS-CONFDB-DISPLAY" "8" "2011-05-26" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
openais-confdb-display \- Display objects in the Object Database
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B openais\-confdb\-display [object] [key...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B openais\-confdb\-display
A tool for displaying objects keys in the Object Database.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.B [object]
Object to display
.TP
.B [key...]
key in object to display
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Display node id:
.PP
$ openais-confdb-display totem nodeid
.br
totem.nodeid = '2'
.PP
Display totem version and secauth:
.PP
.br
$ openais-confdb-display
.br
totem.version = '2'
.br
totem.secauth = 'off'
.PP
Display logging to_stderr, to_file and logfile:
.PP
$ openais-confdb-display logging to_stderr to_file logfile
.br
logging.to_stderr = 'yes'
.br
logging.to_file = 'yes'
.br
logging.logfile = '/tmp/ais'
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR openais_overview (8),
